TOPIC:  Earth-Block-Construction

1. MAIN QUESTION
	- what is earth block?
	- what are the advantages of using earth block?
	- Is it solid?
	- Is it expensive?
		
2. DIRECT ANSWER
	- Earth block are a mixture of earth, sand, natural fiber and cement mixed together with water and air dry cure. At baandin project the block are made by mixing directly in a small pond all material and then fill manually in a mould the mixture. At NHVK project we have a secret recipe to mix the project earth with white limestone and water. We will use a plaster mixer for this purpose. The mixture will be poured in a mould and place in a press to remove the excess of water and compact the block. The blocks are finally air cured during few days. 
	- Earth block provide inertia to your wall this mean it will accumulate heat or cold and keep a constant temperature all year long. The house build with this in Thailand will be cool and do not need air condition. The addition of limestone in the block and wall plastering with limestone help the wall to breathe and release the humidity under the sun. The evaporation of released water bring down the surface temperature. Another advantage is that earth is a living material in opposition to concrete which is a dead material. This is important to have the wall build with living material of the same nature as your project natural soil. There will be harmony in the vibration of all element and the life force of the site will not be destroyed by concrete and metal. 
	- In the ancient time the earth wall had straw fiber reinforcement and some wood structure. It last for hundreds of years. For the NHVK project we made the choice to have a concrete shell for the slabs, column and beam and use the earth block for the wall filling. We use 60 cm width wall which provide high inertia and strength.
	- The construction is cheapper than usual Qcon house for single floor. For a two level house we need to re inforce the structure due to the higher weight of the block and we increase the price for structure by 20%. It take longer time than traditional construction and need training for the work force.
	
	
3. KEY FACTS
    When we excavate the soil for the foundation we keep the earth and process it for the block production. Use as less as possible of external material. 
	In the entrance building we have one room build with 60 cm wall thickness and one with 30 cm wall thickness. The room with 60 cm wall has a temperature lower by two degree at all time compare to the other one with 30 cm wall. Practically 30 cm is sufficient, 60 cm wall is a luxury case not really self sufficient.
	For people sensitive to nature this is a wonderfull experience to sleep or stay in a room like this. In a few days all your body will be re aligned with nature and in perfect harmony with the environment.
	
4. WHAT MAKES THIS UNIQUE TO NHVK
	We learn at Baan Din center how to make earth block using local raw material.
	We study the correct mix for the earth, limestone and water. We build our own hydraulic press and mould to produce hundreds of block per day. As far as we know we are the only project using this technology and mix. There is one contractor "La Terre" which use large formwork and press the earth inside bulding large part of the wall in one shot. They will play with colors using different earth colored layers. This process is expensive as it require heavy equipment.
	
5. PHOTOS
	Photo 1: 
	File name: 1-earth excavation.jpg
	Shows: excavation of the soil for the foundation of one house. Re-use of the excavated earth for block production.
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN):  Local soil for block production
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 2:
	File name: 2-air curing block.jpg
	Shows: Several earth block coming out of the press and air curing on the ground.
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN):  Earth block air curing
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 3:
	File name: 3-60 cm wall.jpg
	Shows:  Construction of a wall with earth block. We can see the void in between which will be filled with earth and sand for inertia.
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN): 60 cm wall construction
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 4:
	File name: 4-structure earth concrete stone.jpg
	Shows: Floor concrete slab. Concrete column for the structure. Earth block for the wall. Carved Stone for the door and window frame.
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN): Structure
	Caption (TH):
	