TOPIC:  Land Princing & Plots

1. MAIN QUESTION
	- What is the lowest priced plot?
	- Are prices negotiable?
	- What are the plot size?
		
2. DIRECT ANSWER
	- Plot 2a is the entry plot at 2,500,000 THB for 1,070 m² (2 ngan 70 wah).
	- Contact the project team for current availability and to arrange a site visit. Phone 081 860 4501 (English/French) or 095 365 2500 (Thai).
	- The plot were designed to cover every need between 1,000 up to 2,800 m2. This is sufficient to build a large house, pool, tropical garden and grow your own vegetable and fruit.
	
3. WHAT AFFECTS PRICE
    	Plot price reflects size (1,070–2,824 m²), position, and views. All plots include access to more than 12 rai of common green space, 
	the private lake, walkways, and shared infrastructure. Residential use only — no commercial development.
	All plots have underground electrical power supply 3 phases and 3 line of water supply.

4. WHAT MAKES THIS UNIQUE TO NHVK
	The project was design to provide self sustainability, low density and living comfort with no compromise unless other traditional development
	in which the developper give you only 800 m2 small piece of land and 5% of common area which is what the law require.
	
5. TITLE AND TENURE
	All plots hold Chanote title deeds (the highest land security in Thailand). Thai nationals may purchase freehold.
	Foreign nationals may register a 30-year renewable lease.

6. PER PLOT LINE (VIEW/POSITION)
	- Plot1  This plot next to the entrance is long with an 80 m border with the internal walkway. It is possible to build several
	  houses on this land. On one side you have unblock view on the lake and island and on the other side the mountain and forest. 
	  On this land Jamjuri (Raintree) are planted which will provide shade in future.
	- Plot2a This plot has a view on the lake and island with sala. On the other side we see mountain and forest. Various trees 
	  are planted on this plot.
	- Plot3  This plot has behind a mountain view and in front direct view and access to the island with the waterfall and sala.
          The soil on this plot is very rich and fertile. There is table water all the year round and this plot is excellent to grow
	  garden.
	- Plot6  This plot is the largest plot remaining. Direct view and access to the island with the chapel. On the back view on forest
	  and Kao Kling mountain. On this plot we have the magic square (geobiology). There is one unique photo of the energy of this magic
	  square on plot6. This type of magic square is present in front of many energetic site like cathedral, church and/or temple. 
	- Plot9  This plot has direct access to the chapel island with a small bridge, with background mountain view. Behind the plot there is forest and on the side
	  view to Kao Kling mountain. Many plantation of decorative and valuable tree and plant have been done on this plot.
	- Plot16  This plot is next to the entrance. The back view is field with mountains. The front view is the lake. The landscape 
	  of this land is well developped with flowers and trees. This is the only plot on which we maintain grass all year round. This require watering during 
	  hot season and is not really sustainable but we want on this plot to show what it look like with green grass. It serve also as a becnhmark
	  for the garden water consumption. On other land we keep the natural grass which is present 10 months of the year.


6. PHOTOS
	Photo 1: 
	File name: 1-Land 1 vue.jpg
	Shows: Vue from Plot No1 on the lake, island and landscape.
	Use in section: Land-Pricing-Plots
	Caption (EN):  Vue from Plot 1
	Caption (TH):  มุมมองจากแปลงที่ 1
	Photo 2:
	File name: 2-Land 3.jpg
	Shows: Plot Nb3 vue from the walkway around the lake. We can see the green boundary fence of the land with the circulation concrete
	       road in the back and cowboy white fence.
	Use in section: Land-pricing-plots
	Caption (EN):  Plot 3
	Caption (TH):  แปลงที่ 3
	Photo 3:
	File name: 3-Land 18.jpg
	Shows:  Aerial vue of the Plot 18 near the entrance with all trees and flowers. 
	Use in section: Land-Price-Plot
	Caption (EN): Aerial vue of plot 18
	Caption (TH): ภาพถ่ายทางอากาศของแปลงที่ 18
	Photo 4:
	File name: 4-Magic Square Land 6.jpg
	Shows:  Rare unic photo of an energy manifestation of a magic square 
	Use in section: Land-Price-Plot
	Caption (EN): Magic Square on plot 6
	Caption (TH): ตารางเวทมนตร์บนแปลงที่ 6
	
	