TOPIC:  Sufficiency-Economy-Learning-Center

1. MAIN QUESTION
	- what is the project Baan Din?
	- who is supporting the project?
	- where is the Sufficiency Economy Learning Center of kaengkrachan?
	- Is it safe?
	- What are the activities in this project?
	
2. DIRECT ANSWER
	- The project Baan Din is a rehabilitation center for prisonner with good conduct. It is an open jail farm style. The prisoner will learn how to build house with earth block and local material. They will practice agriculture and grow their own food.
	- The project is supported by the Thai princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn.
	- The Sufficient Economy Learning Center is close to the turnaround of the main road from Petchkasem road to Kaengkrachan lake. It is near the Kao Kling mountain. The Natural Healthy Village Kaengkrachan is behind Kao Kling Mountain.
	- It is safe to come with family and children. The inmates are helpfull and friendly and will provide information for each activity. You can feed and ride animals.
	- It is possible to study technic of self sufficiency with agriculture, building earth house, tree planting, animals breeding...
	
3. KEY FACTS
	This is the website link of this project: https://phetchaburiprison.wixsite.com/phetburiprison/khaokling
	https://thailandtourismdirectory.go.th/en/attraction/84606
	The contact number is 032-465-171
	87 Moo 8 Wangkrai road Kaengkrachan
	Build in year 2007 following the directive of king Rama IX for Sufficiency Economy.
	
4. WHAT MAKES THIS UNIQUE TO NHVK
	We learn at Baan Din center how to make earth block using local raw material.
	The professor who start the project and made all plantation with the first generation of inmate came to Natural Healthy Village Kaengkrachan and provide usefull advice on how to develop the land at the beginning of the project.
	It is possible to ask help and manpower from the learning center to build house on NHVK project if customer want it.
	
5. PHOTOS
	Photo 1: 
	File name: 1-entrance signage.jpg
	Shows: signage and entrance of the project
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN):  Sufficiency-Economy-Learning-Center Bandin
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 2:
	File name: 2-earth block house 2.jpg
	Shows: One house made with earth block wall by the inmates with local material
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN):  Earth block wall house
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 3:
	File name: 3-parking.jpg
	Shows:  windmill near the parking lot
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN): Windmill and parking
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 4:
	File name: 4-raw material earth block.jpg
	Shows: Various cereal, earth, sand which mixed altogether consist of the material for earth block
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN): Material for earth block
	Caption (TH):
	Photo 5:
	File name: 5-Sheep farm attraction.jpg
	Shows:  door and signage to the sheep farm attraction
	Use in section:
	Caption (EN): Sheep farm
	Caption (TH):